In Matthew chapter 24, Jesus gave his disciples a composite sign of his presence, a sign that
included tragedies and fearful sites on a grand scale. Jesus' words reflect his sense of urgency
and motivates his disciples to do his verse 42 states, keep on the watch. Jesus also foretold a
worldwide effort to spread good news. The critical times we live in will not last forever.
With this in mind, the homepage of JW.org specifically, the advertisement at the top,
known as the Billboard, highlights trends and events which clearly demonstrate that we live
in the last days. You may wonder, how are articles chosen? How do they reach the front page so
quickly while maintaining our high standard for publication? And what effect do these articles have
on our website visitors? Let's have a look. So we've established a group of brothers that
be twice a week made up of representatives from the coordinators committee and the writing committee.
Now, when these brothers come together, they're looking for major events. So it could be things like
the war in Ukraine, the shooting that took place at a school in Texas. But it also could include surveys
or studies that have recently been published. Some examples are the World Health Organization
commenting on this epidemic of loneliness that people are seeing all over the world,
as well as the terrible problem that young people are having with mental illness after the
pandemic. Now, in all of these stories, we're looking to try to point to what does the Bible have to
say? Or how do these stories illustrate where we're living in terms of the last days?
When we find the right story, not only does it help honest-hearted people, but it helps our brothers
when they're in the ministry to be able to have fresh, current topics that they can use to start
conversations with people that they meet. Once the newsworthy item is chosen, careful collaboration,
a streamlined workflow, and Jehovah's blessing. Keep us on time. Let's follow an article from the
category, Keep on the Watch. The writing committee asked for high quality articles within a few days
or even within one day. At the time they asked us our quickest process for a website article was
about two months long, so one day seemed to be impossible. As soon as the writing department
is given a topic to develop immediately, work begins. Research and writing of the article,
proofreading, fact checking. Final approval is given to the article and then translation begins
so that it can be posted in dozens of languages on the website. These steps speed up article production,
but we keep looking for ways to reduce the time even further. So once an initial draft is produced,
several teams use collaboration software to work on the document at the same time.
Notes are provided for translators, statements are checked for accuracy,
and information is added to make the article easy to find through internet search engines.
Preliminary artwork gives us an idea of what the final product will look like.
For people who would normally do their steps in sequence one after another separately,
now they had to all work on the article together at the same time.
Each statement of fact we publish needs to come from a trustworthy source. We want our application
of scripture to be correct. We need to be correct in how we describe events, how we list people's
names, how we list titles, so we carefully check all of that to publish accurate information.
With our billboard articles, the standard for accuracy is the same. The work of research and
checking is the same. What's unique to the billboard articles is the click turnaround.
At that point the art department's job is to find an image that will be visually appealing
and also an image that will hopefully reach the hearts of our viewers. We may have about an hour
and a half to select an image, we'll collect roughly 15 to 20 images and put that in a package
that then the brothers will approve. Once they select a final image, we then will produce something
called a digital image layout that provides all the details that everybody else will need to produce
the article. So our various images will work for different devices including our laptops, tablets,
and mobile phones. Translators work hard to ensure that the majority of our internet visitors
can read the billboard article in their own language at the same time it is posted in
English. Well, we've prioritized the billboard articles because we know they have to be turned
around quickly and the translators need background information about those articles in order to
translate them accurately. So we provide that ahead of time but within one day of receiving it
in our department. What strikes me about our experience with this is that any message of a once
to get out to all the nations that can be done very rapidly. And what effect do these articles
have on our website visitors? After hearing about the tragedy, the school shooting, the branch
committee started discussing how to support the friends. So they decided to send three couples
to strengthen the congregations. When we showed up, we realized how the people in the community
were very overwhelmed. They were hurt. They were angry. And the friends were also crushed
emotionally. They needed comfort as well. So they were trying to get over their feelings of hurt.
But at the same time, they realized they need to preach. They need to encourage others.
But there was a question how to go about it. And we learned that really the focus is to listen
to comfort and then the beautiful billboard that came. You can even see the friends in the ministry
and they were showing their cell phone. We could use this beautiful gift, the billboard,
to help people see you're on the minds of millions of people. You're being thought of, you're being
prayed for. The billboard, we both feel touched their hearts, the friends, because it wasn't just for
the ministry, but it comforted and reassured our brothers and sisters that they're not alone.
That Jehovah's organization has alerted to what's going on. And with good cooperation,
these things develop and are produced so quickly, which was amazing to all of us.
In Luke chapter 13, Jesus used current events to teach scriptural truths. Could you use these
up-to-date billboard articles to direct a conversation toward God's kingdom?
Sharing an article electronically takes just a few simple steps.
Scroll to the bottom of the article that you want to send to find the share feature.
If you want to learn more about sharing links to articles,
why not practice with a friend? And if a recent billboard article has been replaced,
don't worry, you can still find it. Simply go to the See More link to find a list of the latest
homepage articles. When Jesus gave the composite sign of his presence, he followed with this
stirring encouragement. When you see these things happening, know that the kingdom of God is near.
The purpose of featuring these events is not to highlight how bad life is now,
but instead to show that soon God's kingdom will make life better. We need to keep this in mind.
Our loved ones and neighbors need to know this as well. How thankful we are that Jehovah
through his organization alerts all of us to keep on the watch and he provides the tools we need
to reach hearts as the end draws near.